specify ref correspond to first level of group variable (#307)
insightsengineering/rbmi: vignettes/quickstart.Rmd

Note that, similar to `draws()`, the `ancova()` function uses the `set_vars()`
function which determines the names of the key variables within the data and the covariates 
(in addition to the treatment group) for which the analysis model will be adjusted.

> Please also note that the names of the analysis estimates contains "ref" and "alt" to refer to the two treatment arms. Here "ref" refers to the first level of `vars$group` which not necessarily

Author: ```suggestion
Please also note that the names of the analysis estimates contain "ref" and "alt" to refer to the two treatment arms. In particular "ref" refers to the first level of `vars$group` which not necessarily
```

> Please also note that the names of the analysis estimates contain "ref" and "alt" to refer to the two treatment arms. In particular "ref" refers to the first level of `vars$group` which not necessarily
> coincides with the control arm. In this example, since `levels(dat[[vars$group]]) = c("DRUG", PLACEBO`), the results associated with "ref" correspond to the intervention arm, while those associated with "alt" correspond to the control arm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also note that the names of the analysis estimates contain "ref" and "alt" to refer to the two treatment arms. In particular "ref" refers to the first factor level of `vars$group` which does not necessarily
coincide with the control arm. In this example, since `levels(dat[[vars$group]]) = c("DRUG", PLACEBO`), the results associated with "ref" correspond to the intervention arm, while those associated with "alt" correspond to the control arm.
```

Note that, similar to `draws()`, the `ancova()` function uses the `set_vars()`
function which determines the names of the key variables within the data and the covariates 
(in addition to the treatment group) for which the analysis model will be adjusted.

> The results from `ancova` are collapsed into a single list suffixed by the visit name.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention about the list here as users shouldn't be directly interacting with it. The user interaction point is  `as.data.frame(pool_object)`
